LOKI: (BREATHES DEEPLY)
"To be or not to be.
"That is the question.
"Whether 'tis nobler in the mind
"to suffer the slings and arrows
of outrageous fortune
"or to take arms against a sea of troubles
and by opposing, end them."
-PRINCE THOR: Boo!
-(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
(CLEARS THROAT) Excuse me.
Acting. Thank you. (CLEARS THROAT)
-"To die, to sleep, no more..."
-Ugh, that is not acting.
(SIGHS)
When can we start throwing
cabbages at him?
I brought a whole bushel,
and they're rotten. (CHUCKLES)
LOKI: "...flesh is heir to.
-"To die, to sleep."
-(GASPS) No.
-Not again.
-LOKI: "To sleep,
-"perchance to dream. Ay..."
-(SCREAMING)
(LOKI CLEARS THROAT)
"Ay, there's the rub."
(EXPLOSION)
MAN 1: It's another rift.
It starts. Move! Quick! Go!
MAN 2: Run for your lives!
"...dread of something after death,
the undiscovered country..."
Captain, you're up.
"No traveler returns."
This wasn't in the dress rehearsal!
(GRUNTING)
-(LOKI SCREAMS)
-(GRUNTS) Got you!
(GRUNTS) So, nice of me
to drop in.
-Lucky you.
-(ZAPPING)
-(EXPLOSION)
-(SCREAMS)
-My queen!
(LOKI GRUNTS)
(PEGGY GRUNTS)
Grab my hand!
Hang on!
-(QUEEN HELA GRUNTS)
-(GASPS)
(SCREAMS)
Sister!
(GRUNTS SOFTLY, PANTS)
-(GASPS)
-The Queen is gone.
(SIGHS)
Long live King Thor Odinson.
ALL: Long live King Thor Odinson.
-(BREATHES HEAVILY)
-Your Highness, I am truly sorry.
Sorry? You speak to me of "sorry"?
My sister is gone,
lost to the storms
that are tearing our world apart.
The storms the Scarlet Witch
summoned you to stop.
But they've only grown stronger each day.
My king, I am...
-I... I...
-She is cursed.
Seize her.
-(GASPS) Do you mind if I borrow that?
-(GASPS) That's my Yorick.
Thank you!
-(GRUNTING)
-(SOLDIERS SCREAMING)
-Poor Yorick!
-I want her alive.
-(GRUNTS)
-Summon the witch.
I'd have words about her hero.
THE WATCHER: Time.
Space.
Reality.
It's more than a linear path.
It's a prism of endless possibility,
where a single choice
can branch out into infinite realities,
creating alternate worlds
from the ones you know.
I am the Watcher.
I am your guide
through these vast new realities.
Follow me and ponder the question...
"What if?"
What you're seeing has all the makings
of a Shakespearean tragedy.
A king marred by loss.
A soldier on the run.
A world on the brink of oblivion.
The year is 1602.
She is Captain Peggy Carter.
(GRUNTS)
But how does
a time-displaced super-soldier
end up in such
a strangely familiar reality?
The sad truth is that there are worlds
among the Multiverse simply meant to die.
But every once in a while,
a glimmer of hope can emerge.
With their world collapsing in on itself,
a band of heroes gathered together
to save their reality.
The Scarlet Witch, Wanda Maximoff,
used her powers to reach
into a neighboring universe for a warrior.
One willing to face impossible odds
to save a dying reality
that's not her own.
A hero like Captain Peggy Carter.
-What is...
-Peg!
-PEGGY: Natasha!
-Peggy? Peg!
(PEGGY GASPS)
THE WATCHER: And so, the captain
joined the heroes of 1602
in their desperate bid
to save their world.
But now, after weeks of trial and error,
she stands alone.
A failure and an outlaw
in the dying universe
she was summoned to save.
On the run, with no way home.
No place to go. Nothing.
(SIGHS) I can hear you, you know?
Wait. Really? You can?
Well, I mean, sometimes, yes.
Do you need something? I'm kind of busy.
Peggy, you don't belong here.
You're fighting a battle
you can't possibly understand.
Oh, really? Well, the way I figure it,
two time periods,
the 1600s and the early 21st century,
have been compressed.
Stuck together like two pieces of gum.
Hmm, okay, you do know. Impressive.
And if I don't find a way
to un-stick these time periods,
this universe will shatter.
Hmm.
What's that for?
I'm going to take you back
to your universe.
I'm not leaving.
Worlds die every day.
I've watched millions fade from existence.
It happens.
Well, not on my watch.
SIR FURY: My liege, the cracks are growing
in strength and number across the globe.
Nebula's Observatory, Isle of Ego.
Fare thee well, Groot Groves.
You were the finest winery in the land.
Oh, no, not the wines too.
This may be our darkest hour,
but I will not let it be our last.
Not while I'm on this throne.
I want Carter found.
Carter's not the cause of this, my lord.
But I still believe
she is the key to our survival,
for I sense there is another.
A person from a time
that is still to come.
(GROWLS) Poppycock.
-KING THOR: Calm yourself, Hogan.
-(SIGHS)
-Mind your affliction.
-(EXHALES)
-A future person?
-More of a lost traveler.
A Forerunner who has fallen through time,
unaware that their presence
is causing our universe to collapse.
And how, pray tell,
shall we find this fellow?
(SIGHS)
The answer is beyond even my capabilities.
Sounds like you have your mission.
Thank you.
Uh, Sir Fury, with whom do you speak?
No one, Your Highness.
Only a pretty bird. (CHUCKLES)
(STARK SNORING)
(YELLS) Oh! Wet! (GROANS)
-Morning, Tony.
-(YAWNS)
Five more minutes. (GROANS)
-Friend of yours?
-PEGGY: More like a souvenir.
STARK: Huh.
You're right.
This stuff gives off an energy.
-Probably radioactive.
-Ooh, wait. Active-what now?
God, I love your made-up words.
I need more of this.
Flux capacitor.
-(LAUGHS) Yes!
-(LOUD RUMBLING)
WOMAN: It's happening again.
MAN: Watch out!
I'm searching for a person,
the Forerunner,
who would've been the first person
transported to this world from the future
and the reason reality
is collapsing around us.
Would this person
share the same energy as the rips?
Yes. Can you trace it?
In theory, yes.
But in reality, the magic
needed to power such a device...
No arc reactors in 1602.
Again with the beautiful gibberish.
Keep talking. It's like opium to my ears.
So we're stuck.
Well, there is one thing
rumored to have enough power
to propel a thousand ships.
I doubt our new king
will let me borrow his scepter.
Well, then sounds like you need
a thief to help you steal it.
Who do you have in mind?
Will has written a new play
and it's about this character called Iago.
There are other characters in it
but really the play is about Iago.
Champagne?
(WHINNYING)
-Hey!
-(SCREAMS)
(MEN LAUGHING)
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS, LAUGHS)
-(YELLS)
-ROGERS: Good morrow, Prince Loki.
Your carriage looks like it could use
some lightening of its load.
(SIGHS) Rogers Hood.
You know, for an outlaw,
you're annoyingly chipper.
SCOTT: Whoa, what treasure is this?
Victoria sponge,
pineapple cakes, marzipan.
Buck, they got marzipan!
We're here for the coin,
not the cake, Lang.
Maybe you are. Ooh, there's pie too.
LOKI: Mind the champagne.
It's very expensive.
PEGGY: Is there anything to drink?
I've always been partial to whiskey,
but, well, champagne will suffice,
I suppose.
-Whoa!
-(GRUNTS)
(SIGHS)
It cannot be.
This must be some trickery or a ghost.
For my Maid Margaret passed
to the other side many moons ago.
I'm dead in this world?
That's great.
Sorry. I mean, that's terrible. Terrible.
Quick! Come on, with haste.
While they're lost in each other's eyes.
-(HORSE WHINNIES)
-(ROGERS GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS)
(SIGHS)
-Hi.
Um, sorry.
Is there some place we can talk?
-I swear, I can explain everything.
-(SIGHS)
Have you guys tried these eclairs?
They're amazing.
They'll blow your mind.
(PEOPLE LAUGHING)
Great stealing, everyone.
Ales all around!
-Chin-chin!
-(PEOPLE CHEERING)
So you need me
to steal the King's scepter?
-Pretty much, yes.
-(CHUCKLES)
Most people would be driven half mad
at the mere idea of being
stranded in a foreign world.
At this point, being in the wrong place
at the wrong time is my specialty.
Hmm, I must ask.
In your world,
is there another Steve Rogers?
-Yes.
-Tell me what he's like.
(SIGHS) No, I...
I don't think I will.
Will you help me?
I know I'm not your Peggy, but...
My Margaret would
wanna save this world too.
That was her specialty.
(CHUCKLES)
-Hmm?
-En garde!
What is that?
Oh, no. Men, we've got company!
(GRUNTS)
So much for the secret treehouse.
-(GRUNTS)
-Royal Yellowjackets.
Oh, great. It's that
freak, Hogan. (GRUNTS)
The King wants Carter alive!
The rest is up to you.
Assassin's discretion.
SCOTT: (GRUNTS)
Stupid gnats! (GRUNTS)
Hey, shrinking's my thing! (GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS) Can't stand copycats.
Don't worry, Lang. You've cornered
the market on being a pest. (GRUNTS)
(LAUGHS) Have at them!
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS) You weren't jesting
about the King hating you.
He thinks I killed his sister.
Yeah, that would do it. (GRUNTS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(ASSASSIN SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS) Whoa! (CHUCKLES)
(GRUNTS) Whoa!
(CHUCKLING) Whoa!
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
(CHUCKLES)
Barnes sends his regards, Hogan.
-Whoa!
-(HORSE NEIGHS)
(ROARS)
-Ha!
-Bucky, don't make him mad!
Fire!
(YELPS, GROANS)
Whoa! Huh!
Did we just win?
I think we just won. Huzzah!
(MECHANICAL WHIRRING)
Uh, I see now that I was wrong.
Fire!
Incoming! (YELLS)
Run!
(BOTH GRUNT)
Give it up, Carter!
You won't win this fight.
Best to surrender and beg for mercy.
You retreat. I'll buy you time.
My lady, I will not abandon you here.
Getting the scepter is all that matters.
(MECHANICAL WHIRRING)
You need to trust me.
Go. Find Stark. I'll be right behind you.
SCOTT: Steve, she's right.
I'll draw their fire and cover
your exit. (GRUNTS)
(WHISTLES) Men, you heard
the lady. Retreat!
SCOTT: What's up, ugly? Huh?
Small guy on an ant.
Oh, I didn't think this through.
Whoa! Whoa!
(MECHANICAL WHIRRING)
(SCOTT LAUGHS, GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS) Careful for the feather, fool!
(LAUGHS) Hey, watch
the blood pressure, Hogan.
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS)
Lang, get out of here!
-(GRUNTS)
-(ASSASSINS SCREAM)
SCOTT: Fair enough.
What? Whoa!
PEGGY: Hogan, I'm trying
to save this world and your king.
It appears to me that my king
is not the one that requires saving.
You know, in another world,
we're all friends.
Me, you, Stark.
Halt!
In another world I'm a compatriot
with that madman, Stark?
(CHUCKLING) Well,
that would be a farce to see.
(GUNS COCKING)
(SHIELD CLANGING)
(PEGGY SIGHS)
Are you watching?
Always. Are you ready to go home?
No. There's still a chance.
I can save this universe
if I locate the Forerunner.
Please, you must know who it is.
Peggy, I'm unable to see
the coming events clearly
when a universe is close to extinction.
I'm sorry. This world is destined to die.
You can't change that.
(SIGHS)
If you see someone hurt, you help them.
Well, a piece of advice
from an all-seeing being...
You cannot possibly comprehend
the consequences of your actions.
Even if you find
and destroy this Forerunner,
what happens next?
What if the world
doesn't magically correct itself?
What if it's the final straw
that destroys this universe?
What if, when the universe resets,
you're trapped here forever?
What if you die?
What if, what if, what if. I have to try.
Because you're human.
Because I'm Captain Carter...
(GRUNTS)
And if you're not going to help me,
get out of my way.
(GRUNTS)
(BELL DINGING)
ROYAL GUARD: Prisoner escape!
Sound the bells!
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
Hmm. There you are.
Rogers told me about you.
The Monster in the Iron Mask.
We could use your help.
MAN: Shh. Go away.
I don't want any trouble.
But we need you.
MAN: I don't do that anymore.
I can't handle the aggravation.
-It's quiet in this cell. Peaceful.
-(SIGHS)
Sorry about this, Bruce.
-GUARD: Move it.
-(PEGGY WHISTLES) Over here!
Hey! There she is!
(GUARDS SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
BANNER: Stop it! Stop that clatter!
(GROANS)
(SCREAMS)
(ROARS)
Hulk want peace!
GUARD: Oh, no.
(GUARD SCREAMING)
Run under Hulk feet.
I will smite you!
(YELLS)
(ROARS)
Hulk hate this world!
Noisy people wrong!
I know, buddy. Peggy will fix it. I hope.
STARK: Here, Banner.
This'll set you straight.
Is this grain alcohol? At sunrise?
Really picks you up, doesn't it?
I might've indulged
in a few pints last night,
which led me to finishing
my greatest invention ever.
Ignore that. It's decorative.
(SIGHS)
Your stunned silence is flattering.
Though I'm not opposed to applause.
-This can find the Forerunner?
-Better.
It will reveal the Forerunner
and send them back from whence they came.
Once, you know,
the prized royal stone is inserted.
-ROGERS: Maybe we can help with that.
-(GASPS)
Storming the castle is kind of our thing.
-Steve.
-My lady. Sorry we're late.
But I did manage to wrestle this
from some palace guards on the way over.
I thought you might need it.
Touching. Would've gone
with a sonnet, personally.
You guys are so cute.
Uh... (SMACKS LIPS) What's the plan?
PEGGY: Our best chance
is during the upcoming court session.
We'll enter in disguise,
blend in with the crowd.
ROGERS: Lords and ladies
from across the kingdom will be there.
With any luck, so will the Forerunner.
PEGGY: Tony will lie
in wait with the device.
We get the stone.
ROGERS: And save the world.
PEGGY: Exactly.
LOKI: ...other characters in it.
But principally, Iago,
and he's a clever man
and he's a military man and he, um...
Lang, blow that in my ear one more time.
Why do you hate music so much?
Our Lord Highness, our great king,
the one most worthy, Thor Odinson!
(RUMBLING)
It's here.
(ALL SCREAMING)
-Another tear.
-It comes for us.
It will kill us all!
The storm is upon us!
-MAN: Look out!
-(WOMAN SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS)
(GROWLS)
Now or never. What's the signal?
Tony said we'd know it when we saw it.
Signal! Signal! Signal!
-Banner?
-I guess that's the signal.
(CHUCKLES)
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS) Traitors. To arms!
(GUARD GRUNTS)
SCOTT: Come on, Buck.
Together, we'll teach them
the dance macabre.
Tally-ho! Whoo-hoo-hoo!
(GRUNTS)
-En garde!
-(GUARD GRUNTS)
Man, I love to swashbuckle.
Parry, riposte! Cheerio!
(GROWLS) Loki, let us
join the fray, brother.
Where's the hammer I got you?
I have misplaced it.
-Ugh. Oh!
-(DISTANT RUMBLING)
My king, we are short on time.
(GRUNTS)
Coming through. Make a hole.
Hey! I'm walking here.
On the same team, guys.
Don't smash Stark.
Crash! Smash! Dash your puny gods!
We'll keep them busy. You get the scepter.
(GRUNTING)
(CHUCKLING)
-Sir Hogan.
-Rogers Hood.
Care to try your luck?
Taste my steel, you vile crusty onion,
aye, tree-biting miscreant!
Your face revolts me, you jackanape!
Impertinent hedge-born
green-suited varmint!
-Whoa!
-(INHALES) Ooh!
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
Uh... (SIGHS)
Sir Hogan, I am so sorry.
-(GROWLS)
-Great job, Rogers.
You made him mad. Good luck.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hogan, Hogan. Easy.
(ROARS)
-Let's talk about this. (YELLS)
-(ROARS)
You dare sully this royal hall
with your face?
Thor, you need to trust me
and hand over the scepter.
I trusted you once.
My sister trusted you. We all trusted you.
You failed us.
Fetch me the All-Father.
(GRUNTS)
Oh, it's vibranium.
A coronation gift
from the King of Wakanda.
He too has been plagued
by these rips in space.
Steve, we have trouble.
(GRUNTS) Got a little
trouble of my own.
-(HOGAN ROARS)
-Oh, boy!
-Easy, Hogan. I didn't mean it.
-(GRUNTS)
-(LAUGHS)
-It's quite a grip you got there.
Thor, please, we can stop this.
-All-Father, give me strength.
-Oh, give me a break.
You're more of a drama queen
than your brother.
(SCOFFS) Bless.
Oh, that is too far.
-(GRUNTS)
-(GASPS)
(METAL RINGING)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
-Hogan. Hogan, easy.
-(GROWLING)
-I can get you a new feather.
-(GROWLS)
-(HOGAN GRUNTS)
-(ROARS)
Hulk smash thee!
(SIGHS) Godspeed, Giant.
HOGAN: You're an angry one.
But not as mean as my fisticuffs!
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
-(GRUNTS)
-(CHUCKLES)
-(RUMBLING)
-(WANDA MERLIN PANTS)
I can't hold it for long.
(ROARS)
(GRUNTS)
Flappy and muddy fiend! Rapscallion!
-(BANNER GROWLS)
-Scoundrel.
Podgy tallow-faced ne'er-do-well poltroon!
-(GRUNTS)
-Shut thy mouth!
(ROARS)
Next time, no Hulk.
Whoa! I surrender.
SCOTT: Hi-yah!
Perfect timing.
Let's get you to that scepter.
(ROARS, GRUNTS)
Never take your eye
off your opponent, Banner!
(GRUNTS)
Hear that, Bruce?
The pipes, the pipes are calling.
I've had enough of your devilry.
WANDA MERLIN: Yes.
There they are.
(GRUNTS)
What?
WANDA MERLIN: I'm sorry, my king.
But we're out of time. Fury!
Find me an opening.
-(GRUNTS) Treason!
-Get the scepter to Stark!
Here we go!
(GRUNTING)
This had better work, Stark.
Don't mind me.
Just igniting an industrial
and mystical revolution.
(GRUNTS)
And pop goes the weasel.
(SIGHS) You gotta be kidding me.
-Stark!
-It's only a failure if it explodes.
-(GRUNTS)
-Hurry!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
PEGGY: Any time you like.
STARK: Almost there.
(GROWLS)
(GRUNTS AND GROWLS)
Tony, it is now or never!
Come on! (GRUNTS)
-(WHIRRING)
-Yes! Peggy, now!
(GROWLS)
(PANTING)
It's him.
(GASPS)
The Forerunner.
-Oh, Steve.
-He's the future man?
That's impossible.
But how?
I... I remember a battle.
We were fighting a monster from the skies,
armed with a golden glove.
I went to strike with my shield
and hit one of the stones instead.
KING THOR: It's true.
Carter was right.
(GRUNTS)
Carter, don't be a fool. Finish your task.
The one you were summoned for.
-(GASPS)
-Peggy.
(SIGHS)
I... I can't lose you again.
We both know what I need to do.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SIGHS) It never gets easier.
-My lady.
-(SIGHS)
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
(SIGHS)
(GROWLS)
We never get our happy ending.
(ROGERS SIGHS)
I'm sure somewhere out there we do.
(PEGGY GASPS)
(SHUDDERS)
(GRUNTS)
(GROWLS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(PEGGY SIGHS)
-Steve.
-Peg.
(SIGHS WEARILY)
PEGGY: There was a superstition
back during my days in the war
that victory was its own sort of curse.
Because every battle you won,
every inch you gained would mean
you're only getting further from home.
-(WHOOSH)
-(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
That you, Watcher? Come here to gloat,
tell me that I'm stuck here forever?
-(SIPS)
-Just thought you could use a friend.
Strange? What are you doing here?
Oh, Peg, have I got a story to tell you.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)